doc: adding changelog (#119)
valory-xyz/autonolas-tokenomics: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

The format is based on [Common Changelog](https://common-changelog.org).

[1.0.2]: https://github.com/valory-xyz/autonolas-tokenomics/compare/v1.0.1...v1.0.2
[1.0.1]: https://github.com/valory-xyz/autonolas-tokenomics/compare/v1.0.0...v1.0.1
[1.0.0]: https://github.com/valory-xyz/autonolas-tokenomics/releases/tag/v1.0.0

## [1.0.2] - 2023-07-26

### Changed

- Updated and deployed `Depository` contract v1.0.1 that revises the behavior of bonding products ([#104](https://github.com/valory-xyz/autonolas-tokenomics/pull/104))
  with the subsequent internal audit ([audit3](https://github.com/valory-xyz/autonolas-tokenomics/tree/main/audits/internal3))
- Updated documentation
- Added tests
- Updated vulnerabilities list

## [1.0.1] - 2023-05-26

### Changed

> - Updated and deployed `Tokenomics` contract v1.0.1 that accounts for the donator veOLAS balance as well ([#97](https://github.com/valory-xyz/autonolas-tokenomics/pull/69))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated and deployed `Tokenomics` contract v1.0.1 and `Tokenomics constant` contract that accounts for the donator veOLAS balance to enable top-up ([#97](https://github.com/valory-xyz/autonolas-tokenomics/pull/69))
```
